Modify rules S131 S3562: CPP-3692 clarify difference and purpose (#984)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S3562/cfamily/rule.adoc

For completeness, a ``++switch++`` over the values of an ``++enum++`` must either address each value in the ``++enum++`` or contain a ``++default++`` case. ``++switch++`` statements that are not over ``++enum++`` must end with a ``++default++`` case.

> Note, this a more nuanced version of S131.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule is a more nuanced version of S131.
```

Use S131 if you want to require a `++default++` case for every `++switch++`
even if it already handles each value of an `++enum++`.
Use this rule if you want to ensure all reasonable cases are handled,

> and do not want to include a `++default++` case if you handle all values in an `++enum++`.

Reviewer: Apply modifications from the previous comment

Author: Rephrased.
